Why are you applying for Financial Aid? (150 words minimum required)

I am currently a Computer Science student in NSUT, Delhi, India. I want to learn deep learning, and for that matter I think this specialization is the best source one could find online. But, I have no job as of now as I'm still just a student. Moreover, with the second layer of COVID-19 in India, the financial condition of my family is not stable at present. I'm currently investing most of my time in learning and academics. Therefore, I don't think it could be possible for me to work to afford this course,  and hence, I'm requesting for financial aid.  I believe that this course will help me greatly in my career aspects, by giving me adept knowledge in the field of neural networks.  Also, a verified certificate from deeplearning.ai will add unquestionable credibility to that knowledge.  I'm eager to take up this course as soon as I can, and complete it with utmost sincerity. I plan on completing all assignments before deadline as I've always done before. I believe that the programming assignments offered in this course will help me greatly to implement the theory of neural networks myself.

How will taking this course help you achieve your career goals? (150 words minimum required)

I am currently highly interested in pursuing a career in Machine/Deep Learning. And for that matter, I want to explore all that I can in this field while I'm still a student. I believe this course will boost my confidence enough to be able to sit for interviews in this domain, and hopefully land a good job moving forward.  Through this course, I believe I'll end up having great knowledge in the context of neural networks and deep learning. I want to learn the theoretical aspects of neural networks, and at the same time practice my skills in coding; and I believe that this course has the perfect blend of both of them (theory and practical). I have adept knowledge in python programming language and machine learning algorithms, and so I believe that it is time for me to delve deeper in this field and learn more about deep learning and neural networks. I want to learn how I can apply deep learning to already existing technological problems, and hence contributing greatly to the problem-solving aspects of industry. I plan on utilizing the benefits of this course to the maximum and enable myself to pursue a career in this field moving forward.

If you answered no, please help us understand why. 

I currently have no employment and hence paying for the course seems unlikely for me without compromising my daily essential needs. 